 
 # Encounters only tests
 - Uses output from [FF4EncounterFinder](https://simbu95.github.io/FF4EncounterFinder/).
  - Expected contains tables from the above tool
  - Actual contains tables generated by the encounter finding logic in this tool
  - Each row is plotted from left to right to fill the table for 70 generate steps on the above tool.
 - Plotting the same table using the same conditions in this tool should give the same (or equivalent) set of results for encounter information.
 - Test cells were rendered using overlay with `box_style=2` with step_count mode disabled (unless test mentions `steps`)
 - Some tests have differences that are ok:
   - FF4EncounterFinder might not sometimes list the encounters even with encounter data turned on - so you will still see a "?" there
   - FF4EncounterFinder might not list encounters with 4 subsequent encounters (with the settings used for the expected tests)
   - Some formations might be sorted in a different order, and therefore given a different letter
 - Some tests have differences that are an inconsistency, but is ok after manual testing:
   - The encounter data from Rosa (which this tool uses) and FF4EncounterFinder are inconsistent for Mysidia. This can be seen in the verbose mac-giant & dmachin examples.
     - This is due to the encounter tables disagreeing between the Rosa and FF4EncounterFinder. In one there is an extra `Imp x6` encounter and the other has a `Needler x2 Sword Rat x2` 
     - I manually got into this encounter in FF4FE and indeed you do get a mac giant fight with the encounters this tool suggests - probably just a mistake in the other encounter finder!

# Encounters + Steps test
  - Compared against the grind charts from the FE wiki
  - Note that this chart makes a few different tradeoffs - which means some of the cells are different:
    - We don't count past 50 steps, when doing step counting, and prefer using formation for those ones
      - This can be configured using `max_steps_to_count` in `RenderedStep.gd`
    - We don't show step counting options with 4+ entries
  - We also don't take 5+ encounters - so cells with a 5/6 etc are not used
  - We don't do step chains (e.g. 8 steps, then 12 steps, then 3 encounters), and only do steps to next encounter
  - We take a maximum of 512 steps over everything. This probably doesn't matter outside of awful encounter seeds.

# Steps only tests
 - Not included. Note that in steps only mode encounters that would be "? 0" on the table don't show - steps mode always assumes there is a next encounter first!

# CSVs
 - These are output to the debug console whenever you generate a new set of steps. Some are included here.
 - These are mainly so you can compare the charting to what the stepper calculated for each seed. You can see if we are grouping & displaying the different ways to find an encounter properly this way.
 - If you want to add some custom, complex rule for a particular cell you can always do this manually if you want to based on the data in this chart
 - The data in this csv could be compared to other tooling in the future - I haven't explored this yet.